This is Color Menu v0.2, a bash shell script based menu that relies on dialog 
v0.4 for menuing.

This is released as per the GPL, available from prep.ai.mit.edu, if shell 
scripts need to be copywrited anyway. 8-)

I originally wrote this for DOS users who didn't want to learn UNIX commands
but still wanted to use the Linux box for internet connections. I have added
some other things to make their stay easier too. 

This is my first real adventure into shell scripts, so if you find problems
or have suggestions, LET ME KNOW...

Variables:
SHLACT1 SHLACT2 : personal shell accounts  i.e. crh0027.urh.uiuc.edu
DOSDRV1 DOSDRV2 : DOS drives and/or directories i.e. /dose, /dosc/zip
FRIEND: Someone who you like to check on. i.e. whirlin@crh0027.urh.uiuc.edu
Because I don't know any better, these are environment variables set in 
the users .profile, for system installations, or at the top of the file.

Required programs:
dialog v0.4 - It will not work with the older dialog that comes with Slackware
2.0. I do not know about the newer Slackware. If you get errors, your dialog 
is too old. It is available from sunsite.unc.edu as:
/pub/Linux/utils/shell/dialog-0.4-tar.gz

ncftp - I tested this with ncftp 1.7.5 with a full-fledged .netrc. I do not 
think that the Go For File choice will work without it. 

Local Programs - If you don't have the programs in the local programs menu 
installed, they won't work |-P

Things to edit:
In netfun(), you might need to change the commands to open and close the 
network connection. 
in basefun(), you might want to change the choices in the ftp menu.
in webfun(), you should change the Archie server to one near you.

Although this script works well, it really wasn't intended for Linuxoids, but 
rather for Linuxoids to set up for their users. 
  
Thanks to Savio Lam (lam836@cs.cuhk.hk) and Stuart Herbert 
(S.Herbert@Sheffield.ac.uk) for dialog. And Pat Volkerding of Slackware fame,
whose installation script is what gave me the idea to make this. And, of 
course, Linus Torvalds for the OS that makes this possible.....

As always, comments and suggestions are welcome. 

Whirlin' Dervish
Whirlin on IRC at #linux and #Linpeople.

